Flashbang Slugcats
A subspecies of slugcat, they were created by Pitch Black after noticing popularity with messenger slugcats among
the wide iterator populace, this prototype goes unnamed and it has expanded the population of the subspecies dramatically over time.

Reasoning to why the slugcats were related to flashbangs was because Pitch Black's innards and the outer exterior were in fact pitch black,
even giving off a dark glow or shadow when they were functional, due to this the dwellers of the dark made a home in the can and made it dangerous to traverse.
so it's an evolution made to protect themselves.

when the slugcats started to evolve and grow whiskers which would help them prioritize hearing in the dark enviroment,
Pitch Black studied the subspecies and noticed it was favoring losing sight in return for better hearing, and it scared them,
so they made the slugcats keep their eyes and evolve to favor hearing in moderation, after all it makes them able to hear everything and see everything.

just a note the flashbangs have no impairment to their vision, in fact the bright light that comes from it lets their eyes see far better in dark enviroments.


The Beacon
around the age of adulthood in a slugcat's life, already developing long whiskers and the ability to attatch stems onto flashbangs for easy storage around the neck area.
agile and nimble but definitely still grounded. often scared of their surroundings and easily suprised, they enjoy an omnivorous diet directed to other nocturnal beings.


The Photomaniac
a younging who's only just started to recieve whiskers, but not yet able to utilize flashbangs. they posess mutations that arose as the subspecies expanded,
relating to electricity they favor being sporadic and hyperactive at times, releases surges of electricity as a defense mechanism and houses the liquidized
state of flashbangs as saliva, able to apply it to weaponry and useful for combat.


Rain + Resulting Adaptations
The rain would normally occur at nighttime in regular gameplay fashion,
but these slugcats sleep through the rain before nighttime, and emerge when it's clear.
it would be apparent that the rain would come before daytime as well, evidence being pre-cycle rain's visuals,
so in this world, the rain is pouring down during the daytime, and lets up during the nighttime.

Due to being unable to survive during the daytime, and only being able to hunt when it turns night, the creatures would evolve to favor hearing over sight.
lizards have grown whiskers and some have completely lost their vision, the ones who refuse to adapt are starving away, and the once scrawny, bony Black Lizards
have been able to thrive and eat much meatier creatures, even expanding their territory all across the world we explore.
The arachnids and insects have become vulnerable to the heat that the flashbangs erupt when burned, creatures writhe in pain when within close proximity of a detonated flashbang.


The Void Sea
It is not and will not be explained, the void sea is gone, with nothing but a large chasm in it's place.
the dissapearance of the Void Sea occured after the Ancients have left the world but before Pitch Black could be anywhere near being disolved into the sea.


Pitch Black
An iterator created within close proximity of the Farm Arrays and Subterranean, 
a rushed project put front in center of the problem at hand, they collapsed and sunk into subterranean, as a failure they instead built Five Pebbles next to LTTM.
they slowly sunk down towards the void sea, dying in the process. by the time they reach the train system the Great Ascension already happened, and y the time Beacon or
Photomaniac exist Pitch Black has already breached the chasm and their city makes journeying deeper into where the sea was possible.


Night Terror
A god who wakes up to hunt when the day turns to night but only after the Void Sea dissapeared did they show up.
Their reason for existence goes unexplained and the motive to hunt down Beacon exclusively is because of their ability to never stop trying. after first spotting Beacon
for the first time and seeing them get away they will now never give up until Beacon is dead, and with the cycle in place they can continue to kill Beacon forever.
reason as to why Photomaniac can't encounter a Night Terror is because the only one in the land is after Beacon.